I see barn 360 here giving you a quick
review of the syma s107 micro RC
helicopter this is a three channel
helicopter basically means go up down
left right forward and backward it is
infrared use the radio and for thirty
bucks I'm not gonna complain about the
quality of the radio but as you can see
it does have a spring in the throttle
which I'm not too thrilled about but I
will see if I can remove that later as
you can see it is infrared so it's
indoor only if you fly it outside one
little breeze will catch it and of
course you'll get interference from
sunlight because of the infrared in the
box comes with the helicopter itself the
radio a USB cable so you can actually
charge it from your computer instead of
the built-in charger cord here which i
think is pretty cool it also comes with
a spare tail rotor let's see it doesn't
include main rotors though those are
separate but I was surprised at how well
built this thing is it is very well put
together and you can see the all-metal
body there that's got nice even get a
shot it's got two motors you see the one
on the front there on the back it's got
plenty of power to get the job done for
my first flight I was kind of surprised
at just how stable it is it does have a
built in gyro
which helps a lot and it's a big
advantage over the older s 105 which
doesn't have a gyro in it but let's go
ahead and give you a quick little test
flight
so as he saw from that little test
flight there this thing is extremely
stable in flight it is just a blast to
fly I think almost anybody can just can
fly this thing right out of the box I'm
just I'm still kind of shocked it just
for 30 bucks I mean this is this is
awesome awesome little helicopter that
well thanks for watching my first review
and I do plan on modifying this
helicopter in the near future here and I
plan on posting more videos on mods and
maybe some more reviews here so thanks
again for watching my first review and
I'll see you later